KickSmash Hardware Build
------------------------

Use the files in the desired `rev*` directory to have a fabrication
house build a PCB. I use JLCPCB with HASL for most of my builds.

** IMPORTANT NOTE **
   Although it's listed in the BOM, do not use AO3400A for Q2 / Q3.
   Use 2N7002 MOSFETs instead. The AO3400A are too slow for reliable
   flashing from AmigaOS.

My recommended assembly order is:
    1. Top side STM32
    2. Top side Flash chips
    3. Bottom side 8 MHz oscillator and AM1117-3.3 voltage regulator
    4. Bottom side 74FCT162244 parts
    5. USB-C connector
    6. All passives
    7. LEDs are last
    8. Right angle header for STM32 SWD (if desired)
    9. Right angle header for KBRST pin (required)
   10. Right angle header for console (I usually don't install this)
   11. Bottom pin headers

For better in-system fit, you might choose to install the right angle
headers from the bottom side of the board.

The bottom pin headers are two 20-pin and two 9-pin. Note that they are
20-pin, not 21-pin, unless your Amiga has been modified to add more
address lines from a device such as Romy. Before installing any headers,
I recommend that you jump to programming with the ST-Link or by USB DFU.
If you need to remove shorts, improve soldering, or correct part
orientation, it's much easier to do without the pin headers in place.

You can choose to use machined pin (round) or lead frame (aka Flip-Pins).
Don't use standard Dupont-style male headers. These are too thick (0.5mm+)
and will damage your ROM sockets. Machined pins are around 0.35mm, and
lead frame pins are around 0.25mm. I like the lead frame pins, but have
discovered they are much more difficult to install in the Amiga ROM sockets
than machined pins. They also bend very easily.

For the LEDs, I use Purple (ultraviolet) for POWER, Orange for READ, and
Green for WRITE. You may choose to use a different color scheme. The reason
I like Purple for POWER is that it's the only LED which is on all the time,
and I found that Green is too bright for that.

After completing the build, follow the hw_programming.txt guide.
